Updated to Alpha, expanded from proposals to offers. (#273)
Agoric/documentation: main/zoe/guide/proposal.md

# The Structure of Offers

<Zoe-Version/>

## Making An offer

To make an offer, you use [`E(zoe).offer()`](https://github.com/Agoric/documentation/blob/Alpha-Zoe-Objects/main/zoe/api/zoe.md#ezoeofferinvitation-proposal-paymentkeywordrecord), which takes three arguments:
- An `invitation` to participate in this contract instance.
- A `proposal` stating your offer conditions.
- The `payments` escrowed for the offer, each in association with a `proposal`-specified keyword.

## Invitations

`Invitations` are a special case of ERTP `payments`. They are linked to a specific contract `instance`, and
having one gives you the right to participate in that contract `instance`, for example, by making offers in it.

There are two main ways for contract users to get an `invitation`:
- If you create the contract `instance`, you get a special creator `invitation`.

> - Someone who holds the right objects has created an `invitation` for a contract `instance` and given it to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Someone (possibly you) who holds the right objects has created an `invitation` for a contract `instance` and gives it to
```

"Someone ... gives it to you" is the subject of "two main ways ... to get an invitation"

  you in some way. This could've been by sending it to you, posting it on a public online location, etc. It
  doesn't matter (nor does Zoe specify or have any requirements) how or why it got to you, only that you have it.

## Proposals

> Proposals are objects with `give`, `want` and `exit` keys.

Reviewer: I'm not sure we're consistent about this, but I think we should be saying that Proposals are records. Javascript probably doesn't distinguish, but the switch from records to objects was made because objects have methods and behavior. Proposals have fields, but no methods, to they're JavaScript Records.

Keywords are unique identifiers per contract, that tie together the proposal,
payments to be escrowed, and payouts to the user.
In the example above, `Asset` and `Price` are the keywords. However, in an auction contract,
the keywords might be `Asset` and `Bid`.

The `quatloosAmountMath.make(4)` is just making an ERTP `amount`, or description of digital assets.
In this case, 4 of our imaginary Quatloos currency. `moolaAmountMath.make(15)` is making an `amount` of 15 of our imaginary Moola currency. 

**Note**: It's important to understand that `amounts` are just descriptions of assets with no
intrinsic value. `payments` hold actual digital assets.

`exit` determines how an offer can be can cancelled:
- `'onDemand'`: (Default) Whenever the user wants.
- `'waived'`: The user cannot cancel, relying on the contract to finish the offer.
- `'afterDeadline'`: Cancelled automatically after a deadline. This requires two
  more properties, a `timer` object and a deadline value.

## Escrowed Payments

Using the same keywords as your `proposal`, you must specify a `PaymentKeywordRecord`.
This is a record with the keywords as keys, and `payments` containing digital assets as

> values. Zoe escrows these `payments` until the offer is completed or rejected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values. Zoe escrows these `payments` on behalf of this seat until the offer is completed or rejected or the assets are reassigned to another seat. 
```

Author: Changed, but I didn't have time to upgrade this to cover seats (the original only did proposals; offers was in-between). So could "seats" be changed to "offers" here for the moment until this can be upgraded to cover seats?

Reviewer: sure.
